# Introduction to Prompt Engineering
#### 1. What is a Prompt?
- A **prompt** is an input to a Generative AI model, that is used to guide its output.
- Prompts may consists text, image, sound or any other media.
- **Examples:**
```
1. Write a three paragraph email for a marketing campaign for an accounting firm.
2. Describe everything on the table. Attachments cantains a table image.
3. Summarize the meeting. Attachments has a recording of an online meeting. 
```
- A **Prompt Template** is a function that contain one or more variables which will be replaced by some media to create a prompt.
- This prompt can be considered to be an instance of the template.
- **Examples:**
```
Template : Classify the tweet as positive or negative: {TWEET}
Prompt : Classify the tweet as positive or negative:
The NEET example paper leakage shows how this government has no regard for eductaion and development of this country. 
```
- Prompt and Prompt Template are distinct concepts a Prompt template becomes a prompt when we input someting in to the variables of the Prompt template. 

#### 2. Terminology 
##### 2.1. Components of a Prompt 
- Here are the most common components included in a prompt.

##### `Directive`
    
- Many prompts issue a directive in the form of an instruction or question.
- This is the core intent of the prompt, sometimes simply called the "intent"

- **Examples**
```
Tell me five books to read. 
```

- Directives can also be implicit, as in this one-shot case, where the directive is to perform English to spanish translation
```
Night: Noche
Morning:
```

##### `Examples`

- Examples are also known as exemplars or shots, act as demonstrations that guide GenAI to accomplish the task.
- The below above translation prompt is an One-Shot prompt.

##### `Output Formatting`

- It is often desirable for the GenAI to output information in certain formats, for example, CSVs or markdown format.
- **Example**
```
{PARAGRAPH}
Summarize this into a CSV.
```

##### `Style Instructions`
- Style instructions are a type of output formatting used to modify the output stylistically rather than structurally.
- **Example**
```
Write a clear and curt paragraph on llamas.
```
##### `Role`
- A role is also known as persona. When we include the persona LLM imitate the persona to generate the output.
- **Example**
```
- Pretend you are a shepherd and write a limerick about llamas.
```
##### `Additional Information`
- It is often necessary to include additional information in the prompt. For example, if the directive is to write an email, you might include information such as your name and position so the GenAI can properly sign the email.

##### 2.2. Prompting Terms 
##### `Prompting`
- Prompting is a process of providing prompt to the Gen AI which then generates a response.
- For example, the action of sending a chunk of text or uploading an image constitutes prompting.
##### `Prompt Chain`
- A prompt chain (activity: prompt chaining) consists of two or more prompt templates used in succession.
- The output of the prompt generated by the first prompt template is used to parameterize the second template, continuing until all templates are exhausted. 
##### `Prompting`

#### 3. A short History of Prompts 
